c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\Networking-Platform.exe.config
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\Networking-Platform.exe
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\Networking-Platform.pdb
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\Networking-Platform.xml
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Resources.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking-Platform.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking-Platform.exe
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking-Platform.xml
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking-Platform.pdb
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Home.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Menu.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Downloads.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.FAQ.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Licenses.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Login.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Ordering.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Profile.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Support.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Contact.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.DLL
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\bin\Debug\Transitions.dll
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking-Platform.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.Network.resources
c:\users\yobbad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Networking-Platform\Networking-Platform\obj\Debug\Networking_Platform.About.resources
